well something really very special come
on in we'll be in search of cheetah in
the wild later but first an encounter
with two young orphans these two were
rescued as Cubs when their mother died
of disease but are doing really well in
captivity we haven't got very well
acquainted yet so I'm just going to feel
my way through this I want to get too
close because one lash from those feet
could give me quite a nasty wound
but the feet themselves are quite
remarkable
they have non-retractable claws so you
can see those there on most cats they'll
draw them into the pads to protect them
to keep them sharp but on a cheetah
they're always at least partially
extended and that helps with grip it
helps them for running they also can use
those claws almost like he's doing now
just to bat at the legs our prey so if
you have a small antelope a gazelle
that's in full flow and it gets its back
leg hit by one of those it'll just take
it down and allow the cheetah to come in
and finish it off absolutely beautiful
this one's about a year old still got a
little bit of growing to do but they
still have that remarkable cheetah pace
and the best way I've got of showing you
that is using this right let's play a
bit a cheetah football
what Oh crumbs
I cannot have this in my hand then the
cheater barely needs an introduction
it's a living Lamborghini the Sultan of
speed no other predator has a frame so
well adapted to sprinting supremacy
their long limbs and flexible spine give
them stride length their small head and
thin profile cut down on wind resistance
top speed three strides pretty
impressive in there
the floors are always extended curb and
sharpener to tear through fur and skin
certainly not a good idea to get too
close
got it yeah Oh who needs it my uncle out
I think I'm gonna let him have the
football